# lessons from three years working experience

If you ask me if there is a big difference between people with three years working experience and graduates, my answer is yes! After all, given three years you can graduate from school for the second time.

In line with the original intention of sharing and communication, I briefly sorted out my mental journey and gains in the past three years of work, hoping to be helpful to you in front of the screen.

It should be noted that although everyone's growth progress is different, there are always some common problems on the road of life, which are worth learning from.

## Say goodbye to the student mentality and get a correct understanding of the workplace

At the beginning of the work, the first important thing is to say goodbye to the student mentality. The workplace is not a classroom, and the company is not a school. The essence of work is "taking money and do things for the boss". Projects are the most common division of work content. The purpose is to solve problems or create value.The goal is the quantitative indicator after things are done, and the plan is the blueprint for reference when carrying out the entire project.In daily work, you must be proactive, bold and careful in doing things, respect your leaders, and be polite to your colleagues. The speaking routines, doing routines, and writing routines of each work scene must be accumulated slowly. In addition to work, not only to make up for the lack of knowledge and consolidate common skills through additional learning, but also to pay attention to physical exercise and hobbies.

Based on the above principles, we list several mistakes here:

- You are not here to learn, you are here to create value; learning is your own business, and the company will not praise you for your learning; company leaders only care about the results of things, but you have to be responsible for the process, summarize and reflect frequently , continuous improvement, continuous efficiency improvement;
- For fresh graduates, your potential, background, attitude and work enthusiasm are more attractive than your current ability. Therefore, the work attitude must be positive, bold trial and error must be made in the work, and the content of work must be stated openly when reporting;
- If things are done well, reports should be made in a timely manner; the results should be followed by the process, and the key points should be followed by the details; if there is a problem, speak up in time, and don’t resist yourself. If you encounter a difficult task at work, it must be assigned to the wrong person；
- Accumulate grain widely and become king slowly. First do the things arranged by the leader, then figure out why the leader did what he did, then think about what the leader will do next, and finally think about whether there is a better way；
- Don't stand out when you are proud of the spring breeze, and endure the dilemma.

## Choose the right company, follow the right leader, and make friends with the right colleagues

The company is the first level of choice, and the factors generally considered include the size of the platform, development prospects, remuneration and company culture. In particular, company culture should not be underestimated, it determines the tone of work from the top to the grassroots. Leadership is the second-tier choice, and the relationship with direct leaders is the most important of all relationships in the workplace. Because the leader decides your own "power of life and death", it also affects your mood at work, so you must get along well with the leader; colleagues are the third choice, and there is a saying on the Internet called "Don't treat colleagues as friends". This sentence is actually too absolute. Although most of my colleagues are passers-by, some colleagues may become partners in future entrepreneurship, and some colleagues may become my life partners. Therefore, when getting along with colleagues, you must be selective. When you meet like-minded people, you can make friends with them, and keep the rest polite. The water in the workplace is very deep. Everyone just comes to work. Everyone has a lot of unknown sides. There are many unknown "high-level" players around me. Some people seem to have a lukewarm job, and sometimes they play games. They chat privately and find out that they are graduates from top universities, and they come to play in the Internet industry because they earn more money; Fly; there are also people who don’t see anyone other than work, busy with dating, newly married or having a second child. Everyone has their own way of life, slowly find like-minded people.