Operator: Welcome, everyone. Thank you for standing by for the Alphabet Third Quarter 2025 Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. After the speaker presentations, there will be a question-and-answer session. To ask a question during the session, you will need to press *1 on your telephone. I would now like to hand the conference over to your speaker today, Jim Friedland, Head of Investor Relations. Please go ahead.

Jim Friedland: Thank you, good afternoon everyone and welcome to Alphabet's Third Quarter 2025 Earnings Conference Call. With us today are Sundar Pichai, Philipp Schindler, and Anat Ashkenazi. Now, I'll quickly cover the Safe Harbor. Some of the statements that we make today regarding our business, operations, and finiancial performance may be considered forward-looking. Such statements are based on current expectations and assumptions that are subject to a number of riks and uncertainties. Acutal results could differ materially. Please refer to our Forms 10-K and 10-Q, including the risk factors. We undertake no obligation to update any forward-looking statement. During this call, we will present both GAAP and non-GAAP finanical measures. A reconciliation of non-GAAP to GAAP measures is included in today's earnings press release, which is distributed and available to the public through our Investor Relations website located at abc.xyz/investor. Our comments will be on year-over-year comparisons unless we state otherwise. And now, I'll turn the call over to Sundar.

Sundar Pichai: Thank you, Jim. Good afternoon, everyone, and thanks for joining us. This was a terrific quarter for Alphabet, driven by double-digit growth across every major part of our business. We are seeing AI now driving real business results across the company. We delivered our first-ever $100 billion dollar quarter. Five years ago, our quarterly revenue was at $50 billion. Our revenue number has doubled since then, and we're firmly in the generative AI era. In parallel, we've built for the long term and diversified with successful businesses in Cloud, YouTube and Subscriptions. Our momentum is strong, and we're shipping at speed. As just a few examples: our first party models, like Gemini, now process seven billion tokens per minute, via direct API use by our customers. The Gemini App now has over 650 million monthly active users, and queries increased by 3x from Q2. Cloud had another great quarter of accelerating growth with AI revenue as a key driver. Cloud backlog grew 46% quarter-over-quarter to $155 billion. And we crossed 300 million paid subscriptions, led by growth in Google One and YouTube Premium. Today, I'll discuss progress in our full-stack approach to AI, and then share highlights from Search, Cloud, YouTube and Waymo. As a reminder, our full-stack approach spans AI infrastructure; world-class research, including models and tooling; and our products and platforms that bring AI to people everywhere. First up, AI infrastructure. Our extensive and reliable infrastructure, which powers all of Google's products, is the foundation of our stack and a key differentiator. We are scaling the most advanced chips in our data centers, including GPUs from our partner NVIDIA, as well as our own purpose-built TPUs, and we are the only company providing a wide range of both. As we announced yesterday at NVIDIA GTC, we are now shipping the new A4X Max instances powered by NVIDIA GB300 to our Cloud customers. Our highly sought-after TPU portfolio is led by our seventh generation TPU, Ironwood, which will be generally available soon. We're investing in TPU capacity to meet the tremendous demand we are seeing from customers and partners, and we're excited that Anthropic recently shared plans to access up to one million TPUs. Next, world-class AI research, including models and tooling. Our models are world-leading. Gemini 2.5 Pro, Veo, Genie 3, and our viral sensation Nano Banana are among the very best in class. Over 230 million videos have been generated with Veo 3, and more than 13 million developer have built with our generative models. We're looking forward to the release of Gemini 3 later this year. Our research leadership is advancing next-frontier technologies. Last week, we announced that our Willow quantum chip achieved a major breakthrough, running an algorithm 13000x faster than one of the world's best supercomputers. And the result is very verifiable, paving the way to future practical applications. Speaking of quantum, let me congratulate Michel Devoret, our chief scientist for quantum hardware. He received a Nobel in Physics for early research he did in 1980s. Three Nobels awarded to current Googlers in two years. Incredible! And third, our products and platforms. We're bringing AI to more people and developers than anyone else. In July, we announced that we processed 980 trillion monthly tokens across all our surfaces. We are now processing over 1.3 quadrillion monthly tokens, more than 20x growth in a year. Phenonmenal. This quarter, we took big steps to reimagine Chrome as a browser powered by AI through deep integrations with Gemini and AI Mode in Search, with more agentic capabilities comming soon. In August, at Made by Google, we unveiled our Pixel 10 series of devices. They are the first with our most powerful chip designed to run on Gemini, Tensor G5. They are our best reviewed devices, ever. And last week we launched Android XR, our new operating system, with Samsung's Galaxy XR device. It brings new ways to use headsets and glasses, with Gemini at the core. Now turning to highlights from Search, AI is driving an expansionary moment for Search. As people learn what they can do with our new AI experiences, they are increasingly coming back to search more. Search and its AI experiences are built to highlight the web, sending billions of clicks to sites every day. During the Q2 call, we shared that overall queries and commercial queries continued to grow year-over-year. This growth rate increased in Q3, largely driven by our AI investments in Search, most nobably AI overviews and AI Mode. Let me dive into the momentum we are seeing. As we've shared before, AI Overviews drive meaningful query growth. This effect was even stronger in Q3 as users continue to learn that Google can answer more of their questions. And it's particularly encouraging to see the effect was more pronounced with younger people. We are also seeing that AI Mode is reaonating well with users. In the US, we've seen strong and consistent week-over-week growth in usage since launch, and queries doubled over the quarter. Over the last quarter, we rolled out AI Mode globally across 40 languages in record time. It now has over 75 million daily active users. And we shipped over 100 improvements to the product in Q3 - in incredibly fast pace. Most importantly, AI Mode is already driving incremental total query growth for Search. Philipp will talk more about monetization, and share how AI is helping people connect with businesses and shop on Search. Next, Google Cloud. Our complete enterprise AI product portfolio is accelerating growth in revenue, operating margins and backlog.
7:53

